* __Strassens Encryption__ - by Andi Brandsness, Finn McClone, James Holtz
  
* __A short description of the purpose and goals of the program:__ a program that utilizes Strassen's algorithm to uses matrix multiplication to code and decode 256 character messages. Our goal was to gain an understanding of Strassen's algorithm and how it works to speed up matrix multiplication.
   
* __How to run the program:__ Our program is meant to work as a message encryption device. You start by booting up the program then either loading a key or generating a new key. This key is shared between you and the person you are messaging with. Once a key is loaded, you can encode or decode messages and send these coded messages back and forth. If you need to contact another person with a different key, you can choose to load that new key at any time and start encoding and decoding messages for them.

* __ASSUMPTIONS:__ We assume that the user can put a file key into the same folder as the code. We also assume that there will not be any rounding problems with precison since we use numbers 0-40.

* __A detailed description of how the code works.__
The main algorithm in our code is Strassen's algorithm to multiply matrices.  Strassens works by taking two nxn matrices where n is a power of 2.  Then Strassen's breaks the matrices down into four quadrents each, recursively until it has 2x2 matrices. Then, strassens has a series of 7 specific terms made from multiplying terms of the two 2x2 matrices.  Adding these 7 terms in a spcific way gives you four entries that equal the 2x2 matrix that is the solution to the two 2x2's multiplied.  Strassen's is more efficient than regular matrix multiplication because it multiples 2x2 in 7 multiplications rather than 8.  Once the 2x2s are calculated, the recursion comes back out to find another 2x2 pair, until the whole larger matrix is calculated from its sub 2x2's.  

Strassen's is not efficient enough for small matrices to make a large difference, but the more 2x2's a larger matrix contains, the more multiplications Strassen's will save.  Strassen's uses 12.5% less multiplications than regular matrix multiplication.  So for example, multiplying two 16x16 matrices would take 4096 multiplications for regular matrix multiplication, but with Strassen's it only takes 3584. Saving over 500 multiplications.  This number becomes more exagerated as the matrices get larger.

The rest of the program works through basic concepts of linear algebra.  A random nxn key matrix is generated by generating an LU factorization of the key, C. Then a text is stripped of symbols and spaces, and put into an nxn matrix, A.  The encrypted matrix is calculated by using strassen's to multiply L * U * A = E.

To decrypt, the inverse of the key is needed. The key is left in terms of L and U because finding its inverse is much easier that way. U inverse and L inverse are both found, and the encrypted matrix E is then multiplied first by U inverse, then that result is multiplied by L inverse to reveal the text matrix. The text matrix is then converted back into letters and into a file, no longer in matrix form.

* __Works Cited:__

Encryption inspiration:
https://www.mff.cuni.cz/veda/konference/wds/proc/pdf06/WDS06_106_m8_Ulrychova.pdf

import secret: This module is used to generate Pseudo random numbers in a way that is more secure for encryption and decryption than the regular random module is. https://docs.python.org/3/library/secrets.html#module-secrets


